# aws-amplify-sample-registrationapp

Copyright 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT-0

***
This repository provides a sample single page registration web application code to demonstrate how using AWS Amplify rapidly accelerates building a Serverless Full Stack Registration App in minutes.

Details about using this repo is detailed in the blog post.

***
Building a Serverless Full Stack Registration App in minutes using AWS Amplify

Customers usually ask the developers to design and create a web application form to capture the registration for some events or training they wanted to host. Developers then have to design and create a front-end UI layer for the registration, a back-end application layer to process the data captured in the UI and a database persistent layer to store the data. They have to then write a lot of boilerplate code to integrate the layers and have to create server infrastructure to deploy their  web application. It is a lot of work for the developers to design the layers and create the hosting infrastructure even before they can start focusing on the business logic for the application.

*AWS Amplify* solves this problem by creating the required resources  and the boilerplate integration code for the different layers using *Serverless Technology* and does the undifferentiated heavy lifting for the developers so that they can focus on the business logic for the application.

AWS Amplify is the fastest and easiest way to build cloud-powered mobile and web apps on AWS. Amplify comprises a set of tools and services that enables front-end web and mobile developers to leverage the power of AWS services to build innovative and feature-rich applications.

_*Benefits:*_

* Add pre-built UI components from popular frameworks such as ReactJS, Vue, AngularJS to accelerate the front-end development.
* Add a serverless backend layer and integrate with front-end to process the data.
* Add a backend table to capture and persist the user data and integrate with the serverless processing layer.


_*What we’ll learn:*_

* How to install and configure Amplify CLI for accelerating  the web development.
* How to create serverless Lambda function to process the user data and integrate with the front-end layer using Amplify.
* How to create backend database table in DynamoDB to persist the user data and integrate with serverless Lambda function using Amplify.
* How to build, deploy and host the application in CloudFront using Amplify.

_*What we’ll build:*_
Use-case: As a training organization or a business unit, I want to host a quick single page form to capture the user registration in a database for the training event and provide a calendar invite for the registrants.

To achieve the above use case we can use AWS Amplify to create a single page form webpage to capture the user data and provide a response to add a calendar invite for the training using JavaScript-based web framework like React.

In this blog post, we will build a React-based web application for capturing the user registration for the training event.

The following diagram illustrates the final high-level architecture for this solution that you will build. AWS Amplify will allow you to create, build and deploy the react based registration web application to the AWS CloudFront.

# Getting Started with Amplify CLI
This directory was generated by [Amplify CLI](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli).

Helpful resources:
- Amplify documentation: https://docs.amplify.aws
- Amplify CLI documentation: https://docs.amplify.aws/cli
- More details on this folder & generated files: https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/reference/files
- Join Amplify's community: https://amplify.aws/community/

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT-0 License.
